How do you know if Smart Identification has been used in a test?
(x) The Smart Identification icon appears in the test results.
( ) The test results will show a run error, causing a test failure.
( ) The properties used by the object repository will be changed
( ) The Object Repository will show the Smart Identification icon.

If the object is present both in shared object repository andlocal object repository, which test object will be used by QTP?
( ) Shared
( ) Throws an error
( ) Fails the test
(x) Local

If you are typing in Expert View and you type an object followed by a dot, what does the QuickTest display?
( ) Nothing
( ) The arguments for that object
( ) The methods and properties for that object
(x) The child objects and methods for that object

If you have a Virtual Object Collection stored on your machine, and you don’t want to use it. what you must do?
( ) Disable Virtual Objects in Test Settings
( ) Remove the Collection from your machine
(x) Disable Virtual Objects in General Options
( ) Remove the Collections from the Resources list

In the Smart Identification dialog box, which properties can be viewed?
(x) The base filter and optional properties
( ) The mandatory and optional properties
( ) The base filter and assistive properties
( ) The mandatory and assistive properties 

In the Object Identification dialog box, which properties can be viewed?
( ) The base filter and optional properties
( ) The mandatory and optional properties
( ) The base filter and assistive properties
(x) The mandatory and assistive properties

Objects spy is used to see the test object properties in the object repository?
(x) False
( ) True

Which of the following are settable in object identification screen of QTP?
( ) Assistive properties
(x) Mandatory, Assistive Properties and Ordinal identifier
( ) Mandatory and Assistive Properties
( ) Mandatory properties

Which of the following is by default used by QTP to identify the objects on the application?
( ) None 
( ) Both test object model and smart identification
( ) Test Object model
(x) Smart identification