You can parameterize values ..... in your test.
() in Steps
() in Checkpoints
() of Action Parameters
() Both A and B
(x) All of above

You can parameterize values in steps and checkpoints while ...... your test.
() recording
() editing
(x) Both A and B

There are four types of parameters: Test/Action, Random number, Environment Variable, Regular Expression.
() True
(x) False

While using Test and Action Input Parameters,you can enter the parameter name in the Expert View using the Parameter utility object, in the format: ............ for the current action.
(x) Parameter("ParameterName")
() ParameterName("Parameter")
() Parameter("Parameter-Name")
() Parameter("Parameter_Name")

..... parameters are available only for top-level actions.
() Action
() Environment Variable
(x) Test
() None

...... parameters are available for subsequent steps and for nested actions. They are defined in the action containing the steps or in the action that calls the nested action.
() Action
() Environment Variable
() Test
(x) Parent action

When specifying the name for data table parameter, the first character of the parameter name must be a ......
() letter
() underscore
() number
(x) both A and b

By outputting values to the global Data Table sheet from one action and using them as input parameters in another action, you can easily pass values from one action to another.

(x) True
() False

....... parameters are especially useful for localization testing, when you want to test an application where the user interface strings change, depending on the selected language.

() Action
(x) Environment
() Test
() Parent action

You can also store environment variable files in Quality Center.

(x) True
() False

....... built-in environment variable that tells version of the OS on which you are working.

() OS
() OS_Ver
() OSVER
(x) OSVersion

Random number parameters are appropriate for non-numeric values, such as text or hypertext links.

() True
(x) False